Listen, how could this happen?
He said he was talking to a person named Miss Su.
Did you know what happened this time?
Is this my wife who touched her own microwave oven when the class started?
Is it in the microwave?
Listen, how could this happen?
Sorry, I think you just congratulated me
That's right. I just went to see Ms. Su from the front.
It's you, it's me
Some of them are because I am not very good at mobile phones.
In front of my dad's Kang Huang Zhongdou
Now He Te is taken away by Su Yuan
You can only take one step and see one step, right?
Because my grandma wants to die when I go home
You just said that I must waste my money
I just want to change clothes for them again
I can't give them any ideas to change clothes
I don't care
I am from Suxia
They are not good when they are sad
Su Xiashui went first
and you believe
This activity is due to you
Don't see anyone. Let's go and stay home.
Give me this chance
We are Su Wujiang
Must be able to return to a